<p>After tiring of tourist watching, I thought I should go for a swim to end things. I walked down the beach and prepared to strip and enter the water, despite the fact that the waves were still pretty fierce at this point. I noticed some weird wave behaviour at the beach's south end, so I set my clothes right about in the middle of the beach (I had to be far enough away from the tourists so that it was clear I wasn't affiliated after all) and went in.</p>
<p>Swimming in the ocean at sunset is incredibly liberating and, at first, I had a tremendously good time duck diving and surfing the 4-5ft swells breaking over me. I was made a little bit uneasy, however, when I realized that my clothes weren't right in front of me anymore. I had drifted a little bit south, towards that area of odd wave action I noticed earlier.  </p>
<p>In order to avoid ending up traveling further down the beach, I started to swim in to shore at this point. The waves were pretty strong though, and I couldn't swim for very long without having to hold my breath and prepare to be tossed about by the next incoming breaker. When I could, I kept my eye on shore. It seemed like I was about 10m from the shore, definitely near the south end of the beach now. I was starting to get tired and the waves were very much in control at this point, so I focusing on doing what I could to stay afloat and 'encourage' letting them push me back to shore. </p>
<p>I was stricken with terror though, honestly, when I realized that I wasn't getting any closer to shore. I noticed a fat, grey-haired main in a grey shirt and sandals sitting on rock right about where I was trying to come in. Everytime I faced the shore I was able to take a look at him, and became increasingly invested in whether he was detecting my distress and about to react in any way. I was really tired at this point and spent most of my time between waves panting, just trying to get enough energy to make another push back to shore. At least 5 waves passed like this and I began seriously wondering whether this guy was going to watch me die. I didn't panic, but I remember losing all the energy to do anything but struggle in a brutal, animal fashion for survival. I didn't have the breath to call for help. I focused on avoiding being dragged out any further.</p>
<p>Eventually, after I don't know how long, I felt rocks under my feet. I tried to anchor myself, but I was ripped away and several waves passed before I could feel them again. They came back though, and the next time I focused all my energy on grabbing them with my hands and feet to avoid being ripped back out to sea. The backwards pressure of the waves here was enormous. Two or three more waves passed like this, but then eventually, like a rejection from the ocean, I was boosted stomach down on to the shore. I made one last effort and crawled out of the waves on my hands and knees, mind devoid of thought and grateful to be alive. Once I gathered the strength to move again, I gathered my clothes and moved further up the beach, dead-tired. The man and his kids walked by at this point, we didn't make eye contact and no one said anything.</p>
